---
layout: post
title: What's in dev now
author: Ethan Teng
gravatar: 7ae747cfed44d1cbebf1f6dce5426d08
---

"In my last post":http://support.thoughtworks.com/entries/26300870-Mingle-what-we-ve-moved-to-done-since-November, I recapped the awesome features we've "moved to done" (and deployed!) since November.

Now, lets take a look at the new awesomeness that is currently in progress (“in dev”) and will be making their way to your Mingle site in the next few months.

!https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/zS-mrCw6iSX1tbaXLc7_iAvEW92S9XJAH45GMhSGFiXTldywm_j1DhhNHyXwmEE59lRVzUkKfnbWdKI4HhdOnTBRRRCojZc4sGRJvo3XlxG6m9ia4c9BzI-L5Q(In dev card wall)!

h3. "Avatars on the card wall":http://support.thoughtworks.com/entries/26045305-Avatars-on-your-card-wall-Coming-soon

The card wall is home for any team. But your smiling faces (or dancing cat avatars) were missing from the card wall...until now! Well, as soon as we hit 'deploy' :)

!https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/ggUheuWPqvxfRPk6OBj-mM8-gcTVvZQm8be6LiDrqFe_tc-hTmww6blNY5g2TsXAAFKUZ6bKh2FR7NbJi6QGtmwBuUBzx7gPCVZSIIefiCjDQtAAId6ow0dvHw(Your team now more visibile)!

h3. In-place card editing

Just had a conversation and need to make a quick edit to a card? Soon, you won't have to leave the card wall to do it. Just click the card and make your edits, right from the wall.

Play with our prototype for this feature. What do you think? Love it? Hate it? We want your feedback to get it right.

!https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/rD6guXrnOKL66wmArwdqUvWGSuCRbQNzovCuzxZnwT0dsLJzbiyFx31CaBJK1kfzewNFNaFfswMW8fpcvXos-FqC-S9BiB4-6038XDTCwdnV3kI7QRiSCVhZBQ(in place card editing)!

h3. Invite users via email

Yeah, we know adding users in Mingle has been a pain: filling out their profile, setting their password, etc. Do you wish you could just invite them via email? We hear you! Self-service FTW.

Play with our prototype for this feature. What do you think? Love it? Hate it? We want your feedback to get it right.

!https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/0JiJqLQjPrfIfSaHO4fMZ4OWrNNa2958Z2wLiidQ0CRklAX-zFDJSqV31HWhmVE_-PXoK5ZG3OPHEHCdGZIpm_6mmVPavDQsGdXXioSUWg2wbq1P2bn48qAOXQ(invite users)!

h3. Open a card with 1-click anywhere in Chrome (*Already live!*)

Our newest team member, Craig Wattrus (South African, designer, baker, and coffee lover), created this handy-dandy Chrome extension that allows you open a card from any tab in Chrome simply by entering the card number.

Want to contribute and help make this extension even better? It's on Github!

!https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/Txrp3Uwh70t0jzTL81Nxmc_glqSGPv8qjDlEtuNXwS-8F1K7y_qxuohQM3A0xgjXr26nHRlee5Brms7Iskcze7Vc7GeAsgTOWauQIw2K6iwjiblsKgTIi8sgZA(card opener)!

h3. Push notifications about the latest and greatest in Mingle

Wondering why you have to check our Announcements page, our Twitter feed, or read a mass email to learn about new stuff in Mingle? Yeah, we know. We'll soon be introducing push notifications in Mingle so you are always up-to-date on the latest and greatest. We promise not to be annoying about it, though!


h3. A fresh look for 2014

Mingle's getting a makeover. Not only will it look much cleaner and fresher, it will also be faster and easier to use.

!https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/FObkrKoei4uElr_EFe7yRChxgQgXhbtno2ag-_R4_naHTWB_BRBAF8oysvliPtHUFjqZUe3B4lxlzHjspXyOcBcvHhL4sB5_mZUFp96PlrP2ncQB0CDMiak1rQ(Fresh look)!

*Thanks for reading!*

In my next post, I'll share more about our key themes and goals for the year, and introduce you to the team and how we work.

More soon!

-Ethan
@ethanteng